Document config profile resolution priority (#5747)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/config.md

```bash
nextflow run <your script> -profile standard,cloud
```

> Config profiles are applied in the order in which they were defined in the config files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Config profiles are applied in the order in which they were defined in the config file, regardless of the order they are listed in the run command.
```
I think the point here could be stressed for clarity. Not a blocker if you disagree.
